BUG: Trying to add an effect item on the specific tile will break if the tile is full!
    Think about having the coords&location in the effect too, not only the tile. Then the effect
    can talk to the location and get an applicable tile, even if it doesn't match its coords.
    Only location puts items, the method should return the targeted Tile!
    Items are only removed through PhysicalContainer.provide_item()
    Make remove_item() a private method?
BUG: Predators freeze as soon as the target cannot be reached with a straight move
    May add a last_target_position and use it while the target is not in LoS or until reached, then revert to the
     regular behaviors (add a chase_target behavior at the front of the goal list and clear the target once reached)

FEATURES (following the spreadsheet roadmap)
Adding the racial passives and documenting them in knowledge
    Done: humans, dwarves, elves, orcs, trolls, goblins, kraken, imps, dryads
Rebalance energy
    traversing is easy
    combat and hard terrains like rocks/jungle are medium hard
    rebalance traversal items
    rebalance terrain transforms
Stealth and detection
    Add/remove stealth modifiers on mode change
    Implement LoS and LoS-blocking terrains
    A creature can hide on any tile if it is actively trying (i.e., has a detection modifier < 1)
    The modifier depends on the stealth skill
    The modifier determines the chance to be discovered
    The resistance/affinity applies directly to the detection radius of non-alies (+ or -)
        Noisy or bright items have a detection affinity
        Items that decrease noise and visibility have a detection resistance
    A creature is either visible to all others, or not visible to anyone
    The detection calculation is run on every turn for each non-ally in whose detection radius the creature is
    The hidden/visible property belongs to the creature
        For the PC this is denoted by the color of the icon (becomes light black)
    Chance for discovery
        The chance for discovery without hiding is 100% in any spot inside the detection radius
        The affinity/resistance still applies, even if the creature is not hiding actively
        When hiding with skill 0, detection chance is 30% at the outermost layer of the detection radius,
            up to 100% right next to the creature
        Each point of skill makes the modifier of those numbers lower, from x1.0 at 0 skill to x0.2 at 100 skill
    Once discovered, a creature cannot simply become hidden again, unless it goes out of LoS of any non-ally creatures
Day/night cycle
    Each creature is night or day, thus switching to a sleep/rest AI or out of it completely during the rest cycle
    Creatures should have a rest AI active, unless a target is available - replace the random movement with rest
    When hungry, creatures should have a search AI (choose a visible coordinate target and go there, then choose another)
    Creatures should wake up based on the character approaching - Stealth skill
    Creatures should try hiding on a favorite terrain before sleeping - Hiding skill and visibility
    cave terrain for bears?
Gnomes
    Should get extra armor when inside a rock!
        terrain effects that are applied every turn you reside on them
         (extra armor, swimming, drowning (on energy condition))
        rocks should have an extra effect: "rock armor": 0
        gnomes have an affinity to it, giving it a value
        armor calculation should check the active effects for the config.armor_prefix
    Other climbing creatures should not!
Shaper
    Animals don't attack (in the selection of targets?)
Water Elemental
    water as food
    water/snow/ice doesn't tire them
    regular equipment lowers their energy (penalty based on weight)
    still water equipment works fine
Fae
    doesn't wake sleeping creatures
    can steal dream shards from creatures (even animals: primal shards! fleeting shard, pouncing shard, raging shard, etc.)

Items
    Standardization of icons:
    { - ranged weapon with ammo
    } - thrown weapon
    */- - ammo
    [( - armors (heavy/light)
    ) - boots
    ] - shield
    | - small/large weapon (one hand)
    / - two-handed weapon
    ^ - helmet/cap
    = - bags/containers
    $ - money (yellow for the gold, brown for the paper?)
Knowledge
    Add lighting fires and getting firewood entries
    Add getting water entry, containers
Terrain/travel
    Cannot merge movement methods in Game, as the Location is doing the traversal checks for NPCs to select
     the right next tile! They should be done in the Game and default to resting/choosing a different tile
      if not enough energy!
    Add SmallAnimal class that adds plant passage, Bird for others?
        Use the SmallAnimal and other classes to set up the feeding chain in nature (who chases who)
    Add more shoes/boots to decrease the travel cost (different resistance/modifier combos)
        hiking boots (sand/ice - 1)
    Make the Well drinkable
    add deep_snow with more tiring cost
    add stilled water field - like a mountain
    add deep_water that induces the swimming effect, in which they lose energy and then life
Skills
    Make tiles have separate hp/max_hp for each transform, make the max_hp part of the transform!
        Some transforms are faster/easier than others
    Implement scavenging skill (monster dens, monster spawns)
Usability
    Add "from scene" commands: consume, equip, pick up acting on the first applicable item
    Add automatic collection of ammo items if there is a stack in the offhand, or there is a suitable weapon equipped
Interface
    0 = black (#000000)
    1 = tumno(mrachno) sinio (#0000a8)
    2 = dark green (#00a800)
    3 = bledo sinio/sivo (#00a8a8)
    4 = red (#a80000)
    5 = lilavo (#a800a8)
    6 = light brown (#a8a800)
    7 = light grey (#a8a8a8)
    8 = dark grey (#545454)
    9 = qrko sinio (#5454fc)
    10 = light green (#54fc54)
    11 = mnogo svetlo sinio (#54fcfc)
    12 = ogneno cherveno (#fc5454)
    13 = rozovo (#fc54fc)
    14 = yellow (#fcfc54)
    15 = white (#fcfcfc)
    Visual bug for the hunger/thirst in energy bar when the max energy is 51 (empty space appears)
    Hide the blinking cursor on some screens
    Rename "pick up" to "take"
    Make the help overlay have dynamic top_left (must become a property in Window)
    Make the help overlay content format multi-lines properly
Architecture
    ? Make containers use coord dicts instead of nested lists (will make non-square worlds possible!)
Character screen
    Add the active effects?
Inventory
    The same approach with item transformations from the inventory can be used to:
        plant seeds, water plants, place beehives, etc.
    Add item descriptions in details (line formatted)
    Use "(e/E)quip" hint and commands for multi-slot equipping for races
    ? Open inner container on ground
    ? Open inner container in bag
    Add non-selectable items to EquipmentList with the note "too heavy to carry"
Crafting
    Add "properties" to crafting ingredients: what the ingredient contains
    Different crafts act on different properties
    The amount of change is based on the skill
    Cooking: water, alcohol, flavor, salt, sugar, protein, greenery, oil, poison (non-organic), contagion (organic)
    Smithing: iron, gold, silver, sulfur, coal
    Carving: wood, bone, stone
    Tailoring: leather, fibers, scales
    Cooking turns flavor into a hunger_generic effect, with efficiency based on skill
    Fire burns away alcohol and contagion from ingredients
    Some properties translate to effects in the item method: e.g. alcohol to drunk, contagion to sick
    Add tools (pot, tinder and steel)
    Add crafting screen that start with a single tool slot on the right
    Have a tool slot that configures the recipe title, also offers the "(r)ecipes" command, and adds
     more requirements if necessary (e.g., a cooking pot adds a 'fire' requirement and a water/oil requirement)
    The slots in a recipe have property requirements (items are filtered on the property)
    Add craft command to tools that automatically changes to the craft screen and adds the tool to the recipe
    Add (r)ecipes command to tools that automatically fills the chosen known recipe with available
     ingredients and waits to execute
    Use the MultiContainerScreen with the recipe list replacing the equipment one
Combat
    Some ranged ammo should not be retrievable (e.g. rounds that smash/break)
    Make projectiles stop at unpassable terrain if there is no living target visible
    Attacked creatures should go into aggressive mode
    Creature disposition
    Normal mode
    Item rarity (chance to drop to the ground inherent for the item)
AI
    Make aggressive creatures keep their previous direction when the character is suddenly out of sight/behind
     a corner, and change it only when they have reached the last character location or hit an obstacle
    Add creatures setting their ranged targets
    Add creatures shooting, e.g. a dragon breathing fire! (add the move/breathe dichotomy in the AI)
    Build an AI library to choose from in species?
    How to combine this with Humanoids having different AIs based on the profession?
    Implementation
        The creature knows the GOALS it wants (e.g., @, grass, rocks, a rabbit)
        The creature has priorities: a list of GOALS from which the current ones are chosen
        The creature passes the current list of GOALS to the Game
        The location finds the first GOAL the creature SEES and gives the next STEP towards it, calculating paths
        The Game gives the Location the coordinates of creatures, to make them available as GOALS
        The Game moves the creature on the STEP to the first GOAL
        ----
        The list of GOALS is the creature AI. Example fox priorities:
            0) meat (eat it)
            1) rabbit (kill a SmallAnimal instance to "make" meat)
            2) run(radius, distance) (protective mechanism, if a SentientSpecies is nearby)
            3) chosen random point in location
            4) hideout (hide on the terrain tile that generated the creature
        A subset of the list is chosen by the creature when the situation changes
        The list can be reordered based on the situation
Creatures:
    Only humanoids will need their own name generation
    Humanoids are visible by their race name until you talk to them (the Creature keeps that state)
Spawns
    Add creature profile to Locations (automatic from the terrains/Structures?)
    Creature profile includes respawn times, location keeps track (the Creature sends a message to the
        Location when it dies)
    Random: disappear when you leave the Location, rerolled every time. Terrains define the type,
      chance defines the strength/rarity. The rarer the creature is, the harder it is to catch or kill.
    Terrain creature profile: weak common, stronger rarer, the rarest champion creatures
    Permanent: Local residents, villagers, farm animals, bosses, etc. Removed once killed/chased away.
      Have a probability value to show how often they can be found in the location.
    Spawn profile: A list of specific roles with set home locations, who are filled from a specific list
      of creatures. New creatures are added to the permanent list if there is an empty
      role and the role's timer has run out. Otherwise, they are skipped (e.g., you don't get a second bandit
      boss if the first one is still around).
    Random creatures can become permanent by taming or convincing to stay (need a home terrain).
    Respawning creatures are automatically created permanent.
    When entering a location:
        1) all permanents are loaded
        2) the spawn profile is updated using the terrains
        2) the roles of the permanents are subtracted from the spawn profile and any remaining
           gaps are filled if their last update has been long enough ago, adding the new creatures to
           the permanent list.
        3) random creatures are rolled and added.
    Creature priority: permanent > respawning. Random are always rerolled and added.
Locations:
    Add location escaping, allow leaving a location and appearing on a tile that is not a direct neighbor
      of the last one
    Add Structure flavors from the excel
Modes
    When using Look mode with a racial/animal Tome of Knowledge equipped, it allows examination of creatures
     of that race by opening a "character screen" with their stats and AI reactions
    Trade with creatures
    Exploration: Masquerading terrains (ore veins, poisonous flowers, venom bushes)
Map screen:
    Exploration details
    Set destination command, add destination directions to HUD
Flavored descriptions
    Add adjectives to some items based on the race of the character (for a fay, meat is "disgusting")
Races
    -fairy invisibility flower crown
    fairy2:
    -midnight crown (natrupva strah u sushtestvata koito sa naokolo i ne q vijdat; nosi se samo prez noshtta i trae edna nosht)
    -day crown (dava defense kato bonusa e max po obqd i ako ne nosi nishto drugo osven edno orujie;
    nosi se samo prez denq i trae edin den)
    -Ring of Winter/Summer (does not drain energy on snow/sand)
    fairy3:
    -Dress of the Fae (vrushta shteti na vraga i pravi drugite efekti vechni)