FEATURES (following the spreadsheet roadmap)
Adding the racial passives and documenting them in knowledge
    Done: humans, dwarves, elves, gnomes, orcs, trolls, goblins
Implement combat skills
    Add all basic weapons and skills and add them to the items table

Skills
    Make tiles have separate hp/max_hp for each transform, make the max_hp part of the transform!
        Some transforms are faster/easier than others
    Implement scavenging skill (monster dens, monster spawns)
Usability
    Add the Highscore screen and cycle to the beginning when the character dies
    Add "from scene" commands: consume, equip, pick up acting on the first applicable item
Interface
    Visual bug for the hunger/thirst in energy bar when the max energy is 51 (empty space appears)
    Hide the blinking cursor on some screens
    Rename "pick up" to "take"
    Make the help overlay have dynamic top_left (must become a property in Window)
    Make the help overlay content format multi-lines properly
    Add non-selectable items to EquipmentList with the note "too heavy to carry"
Architecture
    ? Make containers use coord dicts instead of nested lists (will make non-square worlds possible!)
Inventory
    Add item descriptions in details (line formatted)
    Use "(e/E)quip" hint and commands for multi-slot equipping for races
    ? Open inner container on ground
    ? Open inner container in bag
Crafting
    Add "properties" to crafting ingredients: what the ingredient contains
    Different crafts act on different properties
    The amount of change is based on the skill
    Cooking: water, alcohol, flavor, salt, sugar, protein, greenery, oil, poison (non-organic), contagion (organic)
    Smithing: iron, gold, silver, sulfur, coal
    Carving: wood, bone, stone
    Tailoring: leather, fibers, scales
    Cooking turns flavor into a hunger_generic effect, with efficiency based on skill
    Fire burns away alcohol and contagion from ingredients
    Some properties translate to effects in the item method: e.g. alcohol to drunk, contagion to sick
    Add tools (pot, tinder and steel)
    Add crafting screen that start with a single tool slot on the right
    Have a tool slot that configures the recipe title, also offers the "(r)ecipes" command, and adds
     more requirements if necessary (e.g., a cooking pot adds a 'fire' requirement and a water/oil requirement)
    The slots in a recipe have property requirements (items are filtered on the property)
    Add craft command to tools that automatically changes to the craft screen and adds the tool to the recipe
    Add (r)ecipes command to tools that automatically fills the chosen known recipe with available
     ingredients and waits to execute
    Use the MultiContainerScreen with the recipe list replacing the equipment one
Combat
    Bumping with a ranged weapon should only give weapon skill if the weapon
     has a melee skill tag and non-0 melee damage properties
    Attacked creatures should go into aggressive mode
    Creature disposition
    Normal mode
    Item rarity (chance to drop to the ground inherent for the item)
AI
    Make aggressive creatures keep their previous direction when the character is suddenly out of sight/behind
     a corner, and change it only when they have reached the last character location or hit an obstacle
    Add creatures setting their ranged targets
    Add creatures shooting, e.g. a dragon breathing fire! (add the move/breathe dichotomy in the AI)
    Build an AI library to choose from in species?
    How to combine this with Humanoids having different AIs based on the profession?
    Implementation
        The creature knows the GOALS it wants (e.g., @, grass, rocks, a rabbit)
        The creature has priorities: a list of GOALS from which the current ones are chosen
        The creature passes the current list of GOALS to the Game
        The location finds the first GOAL the creature SEES and gives the next STEP towards it, calculating paths
        The Game gives the Location the coordinates of creatures, to make them available as GOALS
        The Game moves the creature on the STEP to the first GOAL
        ----
        The list of GOALS is the creature AI. Example fox priorities:
            0) meat (eat it)
            1) rabbit (kill a SmallAnimal instance to "make" meat)
            2) run(radius, distance) (protective mechanism, if a SentientSpecies is nearby)
            3) chosen random point in location
            4) hideout (hide on the terrain tile that generated the creature
        A subset of the list is chosen by the creature when the situation changes
        The list can be reordered based on the situation
Creatures:
    Only humanoids will need their own name generation
    Humanoids are visible by their race name until you talk to them (the Creature keeps that state)
Spawns
    Add creature profile to Locations (automatic from the terrains/Structures?)
    Creature profile includes respawn times, location keeps track (the Creature sends a message to the
        Location when it dies)
    Random: disappear when you leave the Location, rerolled every time. Terrains define the type,
      chance defines the strength/rarity. The rarer the creature is, the harder it is to catch or kill.
    Terrain creature profile: weak common, stronger rarer, the rarest champion creatures
    Permanent: Local residents, villagers, farm animals, bosses, etc. Removed once killed/chased away.
      Have a probability value to show how often they can be found in the location.
    Spawn profile: A list of specific roles with set home locations, who are filled from a specific list
      of creatures. New creatures are added to the permanent list if there is an empty
      role and the role's timer has run out. Otherwise, they are skipped (e.g., you don't get a second bandit
      boss if the first one is still around).
    Random creatures can become permanent by taming or convincing to stay (need a home terrain).
    Respawning creatures are automatically created permanent.
    When entering a location:
        1) all permanents are loaded
        2) the spawn profile is updated using the terrains
        2) the roles of the permanents are subtracted from the spawn profile and any remaining
           gaps are filled if their last update has been long enough ago, adding the new creatures to
           the permanent list.
        3) random creatures are rolled and added.
    Creature priority: permanent > respawning. Random are always rerolled and added.
Locations:
    Add location escaping, allow leaving a location and appearing on a tile that is not a direct neighbor
      of the last one
    Add Structure flavors from the excel
Modes
    When using Look mode with a racial/animal Tome of Knowledge equipped, it allows examination of creatures
     of that race by opening a "character screen" with their stats and AI reactions
    Trade with creatures
    Exploration: Masquerading terrains (ore veins, poisonous flowers, venom bushes)
Map screen:
    Exploration details
    Set destination command, add destination directions to HUD
Flavored descriptions
    Add adjectives to some items based on the race of the character (for a fay, meat is "disgusting")
